How do we settle this debt?
Misunderstanding, it’s all a misunderstanding
Misunderstanding?
Ruò Yǔ is the CEO
Of a subsidiary of my Qín Shì Group
Miss Jiǎng, on my turf
Publicly humiliating her
You call this a misunderstanding
Are you slapping my face?
From now on
All cooperation with the Fù family
Ends here
Disgraceful thing
Hurry up and apologize to Miss Qín
Apologizing is fine
Kneel down
Miss Qín, I’m sorry
Ruò Yǔ, what do you think?
Throw her out
Strip her naked and throw her out
Jiā Háo, Jiā Háo!
Jiā Háo!
Today
I solemnly declare here
Ruò Yǔ is my person
Representing
The dignity of me, Qín
From now on
Touch a single hair of hers
And I’ll cut off both hands of that person
Anyone who dares play tricks with me
I’ll rip out their heart
I, Qín Ruò Yǔ
Do what I say